Forward proxy, often called a proxy, proxy server, or web proxy
what is it？
    a server that sits in front of a group of client machines
    intercepts requests 
    communicates with web servers on behalf of those clients, like a middleman.
    
what can proxy do?
    with proxy:
        client  <--->   proxy   <--->   internet    <--->   server
    without proxy:
        client  <--->   internet    <--->   server

why would anyone add this extra middleman to their internet activity?
    1.to avoid state or institutional browsing restrictions
        some governments, schools, and other organizations use FIREWARES to give their users access to a limited version of the internet
        a forward proxy can be used to get around these restrictions, as they let the user connect to the proxy rather than directly to the sites they are visiting.
        
    2.to block access to certain content
        a proxy can enable content filtering rules, refusing to forward responses from Facebook and other social media sites.    
    3.to protect their identity online
        only the IP address of the proxy server will be visible.









ReverseProxy
    what is a reverse proxy server?
        a type of proxy server that typically sits behind the firewall in a private network and directs client requests to the appropriate backend server.

    what can reverse proxy server do?
        with reverse proxy:
            client  <--->   internet    <--->   proxy   <--->   server
        without reverse proxy:
            client  <--->   internet    <--->   server
    
        Load balancing
            a popular website that gets millions of users every day may not be able to handle all of its incoming site traffic with a single origin erver.
            instead, the site can be distributed among a pool of different servers, all handling requests for the same site.
            in this case, a reverse proxy can provide a load balancing solution which will distribute the incoming traffic evenly among the different servers to prevent any single server from becoming overloaded.
        protecting from attacks
            with a reverse proxy in place, a web site or service never needs to reveal the IP address of their origin server
            this makes it much harder for attackers to leverage a targeted attack against them, such as a DDoS attack
            instead the attackers will only be able to target the reverse proxy, which will have tighter security and more resources to fend off a cyber attack.                
        global server load balancing
            in this form of load balancing, a website can be distributed on several servers around the globe and the reverse proxy will send clients to the server that's geographically closet to them.
            this decreases the distances that requests and responses need to travel, minimizing load times.
        caching
            a reverse proxy can also cache content, resulting in faster performance.
            cache the response data
        SSL encryption
            encrypting and decrypting SSL(or TLS) communications for each client can be computationally expensive for an origin server
            a reverse proxy can be configured to decrypt all incoming requests and encrypt all outgoing responses, freeing up valuable resources on the origin server.

        
    











